Pennsylvania Pennsylvania congressman
Tim Murphy has been vocally
anti-abortion and just helped get the
twenty week abortion ban bill through
the house and he just announced he's not
seeking re-election after text showed
that he asked his mistress to get an
abortion
[Laughter]
shocking shocking
how does he justify this double stand
it's it was so despicable when story
broke I mean first of all he's asking
his mistress which he shouldn't have
right and and and to have an abortion
and I think what what I've to often said
here is I don't understand why these
people have you know the moral authority
they have they think they have their
handle on the moral authority in this
country and then you see things like
this happen over and over again so
people really need to step out and say
you don't you're not the moral authority
well you know what there's something
today I thought about how I have voted
for Bill Clinton who obviously had a
little something under the desk
I also voted for John Kennedy in my
youth who have millions of mistresses or
whatever they called them in those days
Teddy Kennedy who had Chappaquiddick so
I understand that people would think I
was a hypocrite because I voted for them
but I voted for them for the same reason
that the right votes for these
hypocrites and the reason is because
they vote and they do legislation that
you like okay
but the difference between me and the
people who vote for this guy is the
Democrats are not the family of values
they don't go around taking abortion
rights away from people are you talking
about gay rights being rescinded they
are they're not hypocrites they're just
dogs the obvious hypocrisy of this there
you know that's the blaring story but
then I also it brings up another thing
where boots we've talked about here a
lot on the show when something hits
someone personally yes it stops being
just paper in laws and rules now it's
your family like everything from people
that often were against gay rights and
then their sons gay and right they
evolved like oftentimes I'm finding that
a close to home well that's Nancy Reagan
but exactly whatever you have to take if
you take the idea your religious rights
over somebody else's religious rights
out of the conversation then it becomes
well you're you're a dog that's what it
becomes right you're not telling me
right I can't do what's right for my
family when I think it's right right you
know that's that it's a different
different very different and so you know
I appreciate all the folks who who will
never have an abortion I appreciate them
and I'm thrilled for them but you can't
make that decision for me and my family
no you can't
[Applause]
you you all have taught me a lot because
you know as a Catholic I grew up as a
pro-lifer you know that was something
that my family always talked about
abortion is wrong across the board and
then I had a conversation with Tim Kaine
Hillary Clinton's running mate and it
was really interesting because he's
Catholic as well and he said listen I am
anti-abortion but I would never tell
someone else according to my faith what
that's do especially men into that camp
the other day we were having this
conversation and I said you are in fact
pro-choice and I said I even though
you're against abortion because you may
not do it for yourself but you you want
to pro-choice but you also understand
that it is it down you know what here's
why you're pro-choice honey because
you're not stop listen you're pro-choice
because you're not telling me I can't
that's what makes you pro-choice you
would never have an abortion you don't
want you would never encourage anyone
but you would never say to somebody I'm
telling you because my religion says
it's bad you can't might advise someone
again but you a knight on it but but
you're not going to prove you're not
going to say to somebody you must
because I say this is what it is I
wouldn't say that
[Laughter]
[Applause]
important note on this story is that
this is a man asking a woman yes double
made that but it's a double choice
problem it's not legislating for people
to view to an ultimate right ultimately
this truly comes down to a woman because
regardless if you're part of the
equation which takes two to tango the
onus is on the woman for all of this and
this is her body so the idea that even
felt it free to say you should get an
abortion not just in legislation but
between us as a couple that's that's a
bullet I have to tell you the outcome of
this it turns out that she's not
pregnant she wasn't even pregnant she
thought she might be she thought she was
he also saw so far as to say in the text
messages when she says how dare you
having signed this legislation I looked
at your website and you're talking about
you know all this anti-abortion stuff
and then you're asking me to have an
abortion he said I didn't write the
website stuff why is she reading Wow it
even denied writing anything about it
like he distanced himself well he's a
dog and he doesn't communicate its but I
hired a plumber it's a shocker I guess
well so left Paul Ryan's office and then
retired right after he left the office
I'll be right back they put a lid right
on
[Applause]